Add gac info to docs (#1986)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation: docs/troubleshooting.md

update the instrumented application's project references
to use the same versions.

For .NET Framework applications the assembly references are, by default, updated
during runtime to the versions used by the automatic instrumentation.
This behavior can be controlled via the [`OTEL_DOTNET_AUTO_NETFX_REDIRECT_ENABLED`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-instrumentation/blob/main/docs/config.md#additional-settings)
setting.

For the automatic redirection above to work there are two specific scenarios that
require the assemblies used to instrument .NET Framework
applications, the ones under the `netfx` folder of the installation directory,
to be also installed into the Global Assembly Cache (GAC):

1. [__Monkey patch instrumentation__](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Monkey_patch#:~:text=Monkey%20patching%20is%20a%20technique,Python%2C%20Groovy%2C%20etc.)
of assemblies loaded as domain-neutral.
2. Assembly redirection for strong-named applications if the app also ships
different versions of some assemblies also shipped in the `netfx` folder.

> If you are having problems in one of the scenarios above re-run the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are having problems in one of the scenarios above run again the
```

`Install-OpenTelemetryCore` command from the
[PowerShell installation module](../OpenTelemetry.DotNet.Auto.psm1)

> to ensure that the required GAC installations are up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to ensure that the required GAC installations are updated.
```
